### V4.X
    * Continuing progress towards Region-Region trading by allowing multiple starting locations.
    * Cutting down on spam items that provide unreasonable results.
    * Mobile responsiveness updates for the input dialogue
    * Tabbing now works between input dialogues and buttons
    * If an endpoint is just typed into the endpoints dialogue it is also considered for the trade (users do not need to click Add Station for just one station).
    * Users had trouble learning of the order investigation function, added a magnifying glass to each row to show all orders
    * Users complained about the interface to add custom stations so now these sections are all fill-in-the-blank
    * Completely removed custom section. Performance should drastically improve now that these sections are not being generated in HTML.
    * Complete back and front end refactoring to promote future feature viability and allow for region to region trading in the next update.
    * Revised frontend based on user feedback (moving away from white).
    * Improved performance and more results provided (ensuring every page of data is returned now).
    * Packaged volumes are now taken into consideration.
    * Minor performance gains due to refactoring 3-year old code.
    * Allow users to refresh the table with the last query they submitted.
    * Added user analytics when selecting different options to better track user perferences and prioritize bugs.
    * If an endpoint fails that many times that means its probably not up.
    * Improved number of results for station trading
    * Numbers were flipped for buy and sell orders
    * Probably the biggest request of the server has finally been added. You may now station trade and filter by the current daily volume.
    * Bug fixes for firefox where backspace would not work
    * Bug fixes for safari where you could not use margin
    * In light of EVE Crest being shutdown soon. The entire website is now ESI compliant.
    * Also reduced amount of network traffic required.
    * Fixed a bug where the best price was not actually returned.
    * Users were being confused with the sell/buy terminology so it now reads whether you are looking at the buy orders or the sell orders
    * Announce when EVE servers are not connecting properly
    * Able to export the tables to CSV, Excel, or PDF
    * Able to print or copy to clipboard as well
    * Due to popular demand and crowdsourced requests we have overhauled the theme and overall look of the website
    * We have added filtering to the table to enable users to filter on station, item, or any other text within the table
    * Correctly calculates the weight. It used to be per item rather than the total weight. Thanks to Nikolay for this report.
    * Cut down load times to seconds instead of minutes (instead of 7 minutes)
    * Currently only applies to Route trading (Station trading overhaul to come but its still pretty fast)
    * No longer show scams (filters by min volume required = 1)
    * Updating rows currently disabled
    * Restricted to 25 stations in custom route trading instead of 10.
    * Slightly updated UI
